Starting at the GitHub site for the
Automation Kit, the release notes direct
us to the first time setup guide.
The first key prerequisite is the
Creator kit install.The Creator Kit
requires the Power Apps component
framework Canvas App feature enabled.
Let's step through that setup process.
From the Power Platform Admin web
portal, select your environment, expand
Features
and toggle the feature on.
Then save the changes.
Now that the environment features is
enabled, let's install the Creator Kit
from the app source portal.
Select the Get it Now button to install
the Creator Kit solution to your Power
Platform Admin center.
Select your environment and agree to the
terms and conditions. Then select
Install to install the Creator Kit
solution into your environment.
Now that the Creator Kit is installed,
let's open the solution and verify that
the reference application loads and the
Creator Kit controls are displayed as
expected.
Next, let's download the command line
installer for the automation kit from
the Automation Kit GitHub releases.
Once the zip file has been downloaded,
select Properties. Unblock the zip file.
Then extract the zip file contents.
Finally, let's download and install the
Power Platform Command Line Interface
tools so that we can begin the install.
Now, with the prerequisites required for
setup out of the way, let's start
PowerShell and begin the install of the
main solution.We change to the
downloaded and extracted folder.Then
start the PowerShell install command.
Then select Y to start the install
wizard to collect the setup parameters.
Select Main Install
and then select Next.
Now we can confirm that all the
prerequisites are in place.
The first parameter is the environment
URL.We can get this from the session
details of the Powerapps portal of the
environment and copy back to the setup
wizard.
Next, we copy the home environment URL
from the browser address bar.
The next questions allow you to create
the required connection in the selected
Power Platform environment.For each
connection you can create a new
connection where you will be prompted to
confirm the creation.Once the connection
is created, you can copy the address bar
URL for each connection and paste the
address back in the setup wizard
settings.
Once complete, press next to move to the
options page where you can enter the
e-mail address of the default
automation project approver and
configure the install settings to set U
optional sample data for demonstration
purposes and enable main solution
calculations, approval and
synchronization.
Now you can press next to move to the
final download page where you can
download the configured settings.Then
copy the downloaded file to the
automation kit install folder downloaded
earlier.
With the configuration file downloaded,
you can switch back to the PowerShell
window to press Y to begin the install.
You will be prompted to log in and the
install will begin.
Once the main solution is successfully
installed, you can switch back to the
install environment.Select Automation
Coe Main.Then open the Automation
roject application.
You will notice that Edit Project is
grayed out.To enable this feature, you
will need to assign the Power Platform
roles to the user so that you can
administer, manage, and view automation
projects.The roles can be configured
from the Power Platform Admin Center.
After these settings are applied and
switching back to the automation
project, you will see that as the user
was configured to have a minimum of
contributor permissions, they can now
add automation projects.
This completes the automation kit main
solution installation.